---
inFeed: true
description: |-
  I’m jotting this down just to clarify some possible
  questions as to what and why my approach to voice is and why I reached out to
  you to work with me. I did this while watching TV, so expect some typos etc.
dateModified: '2017-03-19T02:03:50.751Z'
datePublished: '2017-03-19T02:03:51.424Z'
title: ''
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2017-03-19-test.md
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2017-03-19T01:24:19.259Z'
_type: Blurb

---
I'm jotting this down just to clarify some possible
questions as to what and why my approach to voice is and why I reached out to
you to work with me. I did this while watching TV, so expect some typos etc.

**Why voice?**

Voice first stood out to me as a platform when I
participated in the first Amazon Alexa sponsored skill competition on
Hackster.io. I was surprised by the ease of use and the potential that I saw.
This was about six months ago. Since then I have become active in Alexa
developer groups and made a few skills of my own. Most notably, the (still) in
progress Random Rumble Generator skill. During the process I have ran into
almost every shortcoming of the Alexa platform, and heard even more about it
from fellow developers. In an attempt to address many of these issues I
conceptualized Invocability, a developer centric platform that aims to solve
this issues. It's still just a concept, and I'm working on it alongside my
other hobby projects. The aim is to simplify the creation process for skills
and increase the openness of the platform even further and also enable more advanced
developers to make amazing skills. To do so it addresses the three major issues
of Alexa (and other voice platforms) which are monetization, discoverability
and retention. This is done through an alternative skill store and developer
tools.

I see potential in voice for two reasons. It reduces
friction which is a win-win for developers and consumers. It also increases accessibility
for disabled users which gives it the potential to be a very positive change.

**So how is this related to Destiny?**

For the platform to reach its potential and change voice, it
needs user and developer adoption. This requires publicity, and I don't have
the money to buy it. The Cortana program came at a very opportune time. I hope
that by getting some awesome Destiny skills onto the platform plus the buzz
generated by Microsoft including it in their promotional materials will
encourage other developers to try it out and will cause users to create
accounts.

**Why should you help me?**

By letting me build a skill for your platform or letting me
help I benefit as I explained before. In return, you'll get me to integrate all
the features I come out with, most importantly monetization tools and I will
play for hosting and integrate it with the store-wide account.

**What am I trying to do with Destiny?**

As I said I want the publicity boost (for all of us) that
this could provide. What I see as the best current path to monetization is to
separate basic features and server heavy features. The server heavy features
(which cost more to run) will requires a subscription to the "Destiny bundle"
or something similarly named (this functionality is one of the things I'm
working on for Invocability) which will be split between the different
developers so we all make some money and the servers are paid for. This will
also drive up the usage of all of the skills by linking them together (i.e. the
LFG feature will redirect the user to Trials Report for stats and such).